docs: Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#52)
open-feature/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

We are also present on the `#openfeature` channel in the [CNCF slack](https://slack.cncf.io/).

## Contributor ladder

> Are you interested in contributing on a regular basis?
> Check out our [contributor ladder](https://github.com/open-feature/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTOR_LADDER.md)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Are you interested in contributing on a regular basis?
Check out our [contributor ladder](https://openfeature.dev/community/CONTRIBUTOR_LADDER).
```
